Hello everyone,
and welcome to the Advanced Functions Test.
So for this test, the main requirement is that
all the functions you should be able to write inline.
So basically what this test is gonna consist of
are you filling in these problems with functions.
But every single one of these functions
can be done with just a single line,
using the built-in functions that we learned about,
such as map, reduce, filter, etc.
So let's just go ahead and go
through the problems real quickly.
First problem is, use map to create a function
which finds the length of each word in the phrase,
broken by spaces, and returns the values in a list.
So for instance, if you have a phrase here,
how long are the words in this phrase,
this function should be able to return
a list that looks like this.
So How has three letters in it, Long has four, etc.
Now you should be able to do this all in one line here.
So a return, and then one line of code,
using the map function,
and maybe some other stuff that you've learned about.
Problem two, I want you to use reduce to take in
a list of digits and return the number they correspond to.
So here, I have a list of digits,
three, four, three, two, one.
And you reduce it to this 34,321.
Now what I do not want you to do
is to directly convert the integers to strings.
Figure out a better way to do it than that.
Okay, problem three.
Here I want you to use filter to return the words
from a list of words, which start with a target letter.
So you'll have a list of a bunch of words,
and here, the function will take in that list
and a target letter, and will return a list of
all the words that start with that target letter.
And again, this is all done in one line.
Problem four, I want you to use zip and list comprehension
to return a list of the same length,
where each value is the two strings from L1 and L2
concatenated together with connector in between them.
So what I want you to do is, for example,
you take in one list, you take in another,
and then you take in some sort of connector,
and what you return, using zip and list comprehension,
remember this is all in one line,
is a list that looks like this.
The item from list one, the connector,
the item from list two, for that index zero.
Then that index one, item from list one,
the connector, item from list two.
Okay, problem five, I want you to use enumerate
and some other skills to return a dictionary,
which has the values of the list as keys
and the index as the value.
And you can assume that a value will only appear once
in the given list.
So for example, you'll have a list that says a, b, c,
and you return a dictionary a of zero, b one, c two.
Okay, so the index of a was zero, that becomes its value,
index of b was one, that becomes its value, as b is the key.
Last problem, I want you to use enumerate
and other skills from above to return the count of the
number of items in the list whose value equals its index.
So for example, here you're gonna take in count match index,
again, this should all be able to be done on one line,
you take in a list and you check of each of these numbers,
so zero, the first one, does that number match the index?
Yes, zero is at zero, that's a plus one.
This is at index one, so two does not match.
This one is, however, at index two,
so two equals two, so that matches, etc.
All the way down, in this case, there's four matching here.
Alright, so those are the six problems.
Remember they should all be done on one line,
using things such as list comprehension
and lambda expressions, and all the built-in
functions that we learned about.
Okay, best of luck and I will see you at the next lecture!